feat(rollup-plugin-html): support multiple html inputs (#1671)
open-wc/open-wc: packages/rollup-plugin-html/README.md

- Generate one or more HTML pages from a rollup build
- Inject rollup bundle into an HTML page
- Optionally use HTML as rollup input, bundling any module scripts inside

> - Optionally use multiple html files (via a glob) or html strings as input

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Optionally use multiple html files via a glob or html strings as input
```

</details>

#### Input from multiple html files

You can also work with multiple html files. An example of this could be when you're using this plugin in combination with a static site generator. In order to target all your html files, you can provide a glob as input. You can specify the `flatten: false` property to retain the folder structure.

<details>

<summary>Show example</summary>

```js
import html from '@open-wc/rollup-plugin-html';
export default {
  input: '**/*.html',
  // or even
  input: ['index.html', 'pages/*.html'],
  output: { dir: 'dist' },
  plugins: [html({ flatten: false, rootDir: '_site' })],
};
```

</details>

You can also set the `files` property on the html plugin. This will take precedence over rollups input.

> Additionally it does support an array of files/globs and can be use if you do want to use multiple html plugins with different options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally it supports an array of files/globs and can be used if you want to use multiple html plugins with different options:
```

</details>

#### Input from multiple html files

You can also work with multiple html files. This can be the case for example if a static site generator is used.
In order to get all html files you can provide a glob or array of globs as an input.
Be sure to specify `flatten: false` for the plugin to retain the folder structure.

<details>

<summary>Show example</summary>

```js
import html from '@open-wc/rollup-plugin-html';
export default {
  input: '**/*.html',
  // or even
  input: ['index.html', 'pages/*.html'],
  output: { dir: 'dist' },
  plugins: [html({ flatten: false })],
};
```

</details>

When keeping the folder structures it may mean that your `rootDir` is not your current working directory.

> Image for example all the html files are generated in to a `_site-in-html` folder.

Reviewer 2: I think it's better to explain this option in detail at the bottom, and to show just a code example here.

Author: moved it

</details>

## Details for Plugin rootDir

When keeping the folder structures it may mean that your `rootDir` is not your current working directory.

> Image for example all the html files are generated into a `_site-in-html` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, imagine all the html files are generated into a `_site-in-html` folder.
```

```
.
├── _site-in-html
│   ├── page-a
│   │   └── index.html
│   └── index.html
├── rollup.config.js
└── package.json
```

> If you now provide `input: '_site-in-html/**/*.html';` then it will keep this folder which will result in this url `https://my-domain.com/_site_in-html/`.

Reviewer: this paragraph is not entirely clear to me yet, is there a better way we can describe it? Theres also some typos, maybe we can run it through grammarly?

Author: grammarly and more infoe

> By defining `rootDir: './_site-in-html'` & `input: '**/*.html';` we can get do get files like `dist/index.html` and urls like `https://my-domain.com/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By defining `rootDir: './_site-in-html'` and `input: '**/*.html';` we can get files like `dist/index.html` and urls like `https://my-domain.com/`.
```

Type: `string`

Name of the generated HTML file. If `files` is set, defaults to the `files` filename, otherwise defaults to `index.html`.

### files

Type: `string|strings[]`

> Paths to the HTML file to use as input. Modules in this files are bundled and the HTML is used as the template for the generated HTML file. Does support glob patterns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Paths to the HTML file to use as input. Modules in this files are bundled and the HTML is used as the template for the generated HTML file. This may also be a glob pattern.
```

### rootDir

Type: `string`

> Path where the `files` should start look.

Reviewer 2: `rootDir` used to be only for HTML files which are provided as strings, in order to indicate relative to where relative imports should be resolved. From what I can tell it's now extended to also be where to start globbing from, and which part to strip when not flattening the filename. We should explain that here.

> Path where the `files` should start look.

Reviewer: path where the files should start look? Can you explain this more?

### flatten

Type: `boolean`

> Should folder in filePaths be stripped and all files be places in a single folder (Default to true)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether or not the folder in `filePaths` should be stripped, and all files should be placed in a single folder. (Defaults to true)
```

### html

> Type: `string|[{ name: string, html: string, rootDir: string}]`

Reviewer 2: I think we can remove `rootDir` here now, and use the top level option.

Author: this "rootDir" is the one from the html file 😅
and is different then the "global" rootDir... probably a good idea to rename it..

pageRootDir and htmlRootDir or rootDir?

Reviewer 2: We can probably reuse the same variable for both

Author: ok will keep the same name 👍

Type: `string`

Name of the generated HTML file. If `files` is set, defaults to the `files` filename, otherwise defaults to `index.html`.

### files

Type: `string|strings[]`

Paths to the HTML file to use as input. Modules in this files are bundled and the HTML is used as the template for the generated HTML file. This may also be a glob pattern.

### rootDir

Type: `string`

> Path to a directory which will serve as the starting point for all `files`. Also the final file tree will result in relative urls to this rootDir.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Path to a directory which will serve as the starting point for all `files`. The final file tree will result in relative urls to this rootDir.
```

### flatten

Type: `boolean`

Whether or not the folder in `filePaths` should be stripped, and all files should be placed in a single folder. (Defaults to true)

### html

Type: `string|[{ name: string, html: string, rootDir: string}]`

> Provide the HTML directly as string. If multiple files are provided then name, html and rootDir are required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide the HTML directly as string. If multiple files are provided then `name`, `html` and `rootDir` are required.
```
